Dad knew where we are, this is it.
Hello everyone, how do you know I can
dakar chip
I'm here because diadema-são paulo de
life nor immigrants highway
immigrants seeking peace
two colleagues or friends shout there
stoudemire luiz we are doing a test
no versa 2012 1.6 have just installed the
chip
There are differences here, but I get
foot highway 15
we just passed that block one
and the way he told me that the
motor gives a little more agile even
because I tell you there to get a
quickest response time you
touches the star of what is imposed is more
broad
the same
we are talking about a year a car 1.6 and
is air conditioned on then
he did not show that natural stone
generally have is conditioned generally
have this loss
I'm talking about the nissan car
conversation 2011 1.6 gave to realize
better then I did it just now too
intensity from here with Luis who is
Here we draw from it they
2014 will not know the number 2014 and
2013 model 2014 will consume us at
do a test here where he gave
140 is to do a test with a speed
of 140 only for testing of course
it was 160 with the same vote with the
same acceleration
then the chip he can fill a
a little later in another
opportunity maybe they will see the video
You still know next time, and you can
search and you already have the video there
Do you know how to dance with this little skirt here?
custom to make me return engine in
second stage is full of
third parties and kerry
wanted to hit me
a recent event
played in six
Wow, did you speak later in São Paulo?
yet how many minutes did the second
subject that gave the time that he
took buses that maybe 15
seconds and resume the
speed and miranda
It's a space that I made behind the space
that I leave the company
I speed up as much as I can
on a radar so we can not correct it until
arrives next year
now it has reached 106 in the head
the chip can then increase with the
torque and power and economy of
fuel taken up other than
is also a leader and maybe they will
realize in the gearshift the intention
exchange easier to find a
best time yet to upshift
I was realizing this.
so it's a better one than actually
proving that the chip is able to
better still in the gear shifts
It's okay, thank you very much.
by the video
Finally you who have doubt our site
www.ibis.com.br email address
kashif caximba point gmail.com
waiting for your questions about any
thing installation difficult to do manual
I would give you a photo of me
We send to all Brazil is fred por
our ketchup account has a guarantee of
three years
Thank worth talked about aa